sceptre/scipool/README.md, before:

# Overview
A project to install, configure and manage an AWS account.

## Purpose
The purpose of this project is to build a self service provisioning
system using the
[AWS service catalog](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/latest/adminguide/introduction.html).

We are leveraging the [AWS service catalog reference architecure](https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/service-catalog-library)
to build out the service catalog.

## Instructions to create or update CF stacks

```
# Update CF stacks with sceptre:
# sceptre launch-stack prod <stack_name>
```

The above should setup resources for the AWS account.  Once the infrastructure
for the account has been setup you can access and view the account using the
[AWS console](https://AWS-account-ID-or-alias.signin.aws.amazon.com/console).

*Note - This project depends on CF templates from other accounts.*

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome.

Requirements:
* Install [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install) app
* Clone this repo
* Run `pre-commit install` to install the git hook.

## Testing

### Pre-Commit
As a pre-deployment step we syntatically validate our sceptre and
cloudformation yaml files with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com).

Please install pre-commit, once installed the file validations will
automatically run on every commit.  Alternatively you can manually
execute the validations by running `pre-commit run --all-files`.
Please install pre-commit, once installed the file validations will
automatically run on every commit.

### Functional Testing
The process to test the functionality of an AMI and it's integration with our
Service Catalog products is to first manually create a new AMI, then manually
upload a new product template to S3, and finally create a test product in
Service Catalog through a pull request to `organizations-infra`:

1. Make local changes to the packer repo to update or modify the AMI.
1. Run packer manually with admin credentials for the `itsandbox` account
  to create a test AMI.
1. Create an EC2 instance in the `itsandbox` account from the test AMI for any
  initial system validation.
1. Make local changes to `service-catalog-library` to update the desired template
  to reference the test AMI.
1. Manually upload the test template to S3 in the `itsandbox` account.
1. Create a pull request for `organizations-infra` to add a new Service Catalog
  product to `scipool-dev` with 'test' in the name.
1. Provision the test product from http://sc-dev.sageit.org to validate AMI
  integration with the product template
1. Create a pull request for the packer repo to modify the AMI.
1. Create a pull request for `service-catalog-library` to reference the new AMI.
1. Create a pull request for `organizations-infra` to remove the test product and
  update the target product with the new template version.
1. Delete the manually-created resources from `itsandbox`.

## Issues
* https://sagebionetworks.jira.com/projects/IT

## Secrets
* We use the [AWS SSM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-paramstore.html)
to store secrets for this project.  Sceptre retrieves the secrets using
a [sceptre ssm resolver](https://github.com/cloudreach/sceptre/tree/v1/contrib/ssm-resolver)
and passes them to the cloudformation stack on deployment.

Commit message:

[IT-3523] Update AMI testing to describe automation
Update the documentation on how to perform functional and integration
testing of AMIs used by service catalog products now that test artifacts
are automatically created.

Depends on Sage-Bionetworks-IT/packer-ami-template
Depends on Sage-Bionetworks-IT/service-catalog-library

sceptre/scipool/README.md, after:

# Overview
A project to install, configure and manage an AWS account.

## Purpose
The purpose of this project is to build a self service provisioning
system using the
[AWS service catalog](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/servicecatalog/latest/adminguide/introduction.html).

We are leveraging the [AWS service catalog reference architecure](https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/service-catalog-library)
to build out the service catalog.

## Instructions to create or update CF stacks

```
# Update CF stacks with sceptre:
# sceptre launch-stack prod <stack_name>
```

The above should setup resources for the AWS account.  Once the infrastructure
for the account has been setup you can access and view the account using the
[AWS console](https://AWS-account-ID-or-alias.signin.aws.amazon.com/console).

*Note - This project depends on CF templates from other accounts.*

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome.

Requirements:
* Install [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/#install) app
* Clone this repo
* Run `pre-commit install` to install the git hook.

## Testing

### Pre-Commit
As a pre-deployment step we syntatically validate our sceptre and
cloudformation yaml files with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com).

Please install pre-commit, once installed the file validations will
automatically run on every commit. Alternatively you can manually
execute the validations by running `pre-commit run --all-files`.
Please install pre-commit, once installed the file validations will
automatically run on every commit.

### Functional Testing
The process to test the functionality of an AMI and it's integration with our
Service Catalog products is to first create a test AMI, upload a modified
product template to S3, and create a new Service Catalog product in the
scipool dev account to verify manually from https://sc-dev.sageit.org/

The deploy pipelines for both our packer repos and our service catalog library
will create artifacts for branches that begin with `test/` in the sandbox
account, allowing anyone with write access to the packer repos to create test
AMIs, and anyone with write access to service-catalog-library to upload test
templates for service catalog to S3.

1. Commit changes to the packer repo to update or modify the AMI on a branch
   that starts with `test/`, and push directly to the origin repo.
1. Manually create an EC2 instance in the `itsandbox` account from the test AMI
   for any initial system validation, then terminate it.
1. Commit changes to `service-catalog-library` on a branch that starts with
   `test/` to update the desired template, and push directly to the origin repo.
1. Create a pull request for `organizations-infra` to add a new Service Catalog
   product to `scipool-dev` with 'test' in the name for the test template.
1. Provision the test product from http://sc-dev.sageit.org to validate AMI
   integration with the product template
1. Create a pull request for the packer repo to modify the AMI.
1. Create a pull request for `service-catalog-library` to reference the new AMI.
1. Create a pull request for `organizations-infra` to remove the test product and
   update the target product with the new template version.

## Issues
* https://sagebionetworks.jira.com/projects/IT

## Secrets
* We use the [AWS SSM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-paramstore.html)
to store secrets for this project.  Sceptre retrieves the secrets using
a [sceptre ssm resolver](https://github.com/cloudreach/sceptre/tree/v1/contrib/ssm-resolver)
and passes them to the cloudformation stack on deployment.
