org-formation/README.md, before:

## Org-Formation Overview

We use [org-formation](https://github.com/org-formation/org-formation-cli/) to
deploy CloudFormation stacks to various accounts within our organization.

The various directories here group the stacks logically, and are
prefixed with numbers to enforce the order they are deployed in.

### Run First

- 000 [Initial Bootstrapping](./000-bootstrap) \
  Description of manual bootstrapping required before the first deploy.
- 005 [CloudFormation Types](./005-types) \
  Register custom types with CloudFormation.

### FinOps

- 040 [AWS Budgets](./040-budgets) \
  Configure budget alerts in AWS Budgets for tagged accounts.
- 050 [AWS Cost Explorer](./050-costs) \
  Configure anomaly detection, cost categories, and deploy related Lambdas.

### Security

- 070 [GuardDuty](./070-guard-duty) \
  Configure GuardDuty for all accounts.
- 075 [Security Hub](./075-security-hub) \
  Configure Security Hub for all accounts.
- 077 [Macie](./077-macie) \
  Configure AWS Macie for all accounts.
- 090 [Systems Manager](./090-systems-manager) \
  Configure Systems Manager for all accounts.
- 725 [vpc flow logs](./725-vpc-flow-logs) \
  Use AWS config to enable VPC flow logs

### Shared Application Infrastructure

- 100 [Shared DNS](./100-shared-dns) \
  Manage DNS zones and related wildcard ACM certificates for infrastructure
  shared with CDK applications.

### Global Account Configuration

- 200 [Baseline](./200-baseline) \
  Set global password policy and bootstrap all accounts for CDK.
- 300 [Account Defaults](./300-account-defaults) \
  Configure all accounts via custom CloudFormation types, deploy miscellaneous
  infrastructure expected in all accounts.

### Access and Connectivity

- 600 [IAM Access](./600-access) \
  Manage service accounts and cross-account access.
- 650 [JumpCloud IdP](./650-identity-providers) \
  Manage JumpCloud integration.
- 700 [AWS SSO](./700-aws-sso) \
  Manage access via AWS SSO.
- 705 [IP Address Manager](./705-ipam) \
  Configure IPAM account with required permissions.
- 710 [Transit Gateway](./710-tgw) \
  Configure Organization-wide hub-and-spoke network.
- 720 [AWS VPN Clients](./720-client-vpn) \
  Configure VPN client access.

### CloudWatch Persistence

- 730 [CloudWatch to S3](./730-cloudwatch-to-S3) \
  Persist CloudWatch data to S3.

### Application Redirects

- 800 [Redirects](./800-redirects) \
  Create S3 buckets used for HTTP 3xx redirects, and DNS CNAME records used by
  CDK applications.

Commit message:

[IT-3619] Update aws config Docs (#1150)
* update docs referencing how AWS config was setup
* update docs referencing how AWS securityhub was setup

org-formation/README.md, after:

## Org-Formation Overview

We use [org-formation](https://github.com/org-formation/org-formation-cli/) to
deploy CloudFormation stacks to various accounts within our organization.

The various directories here group the stacks logically, and are
prefixed with numbers to enforce the order they are deployed in.

### Run First

- 000 [Initial Bootstrapping](./000-bootstrap) \
  Description of manual bootstrapping required before the first deploy.
- 005 [CloudFormation Types](./005-types) \
  Register custom types with CloudFormation.

### FinOps

- 040 [AWS Budgets](./040-budgets) \
  Configure budget alerts in AWS Budgets for tagged accounts.
- 050 [AWS Cost Explorer](./050-costs) \
  Configure anomaly detection, cost categories, and deploy related Lambdas.

### Security

- 070 [GuardDuty](./070-guard-duty) \
  Configure GuardDuty for all accounts.
- 075 [Security Hub](./075-security-hub) \
  Configure Security Hub for all accounts.
- 077 [Macie](./077-macie) \
  Configure AWS Macie for all accounts.
- 090 [Systems Manager](./090-systems-manager) \
  Configure Systems Manager for all accounts.
- 725 [vpc flow logs](./725-vpc-flow-logs) \
  Use AWS config to enable VPC flow logs

* AWS Config service was manually setup and configured using the AWS console.
because cloudformation does not support setting up in an organization configuration.
Cloudformation only supports setting up in an invitation/authorization configuration
which is not the preferred approach.  Detailed info can be found in issue
https://sagebionetworks.jira.com/browse/IT-3619

### Shared Application Infrastructure

- 100 [Shared DNS](./100-shared-dns) \
  Manage DNS zones and related wildcard ACM certificates for infrastructure
  shared with CDK applications.

### Global Account Configuration

- 200 [Baseline](./200-baseline) \
  Set global password policy and bootstrap all accounts for CDK.
- 300 [Account Defaults](./300-account-defaults) \
  Configure all accounts via custom CloudFormation types, deploy miscellaneous
  infrastructure expected in all accounts.

### Access and Connectivity

- 600 [IAM Access](./600-access) \
  Manage service accounts and cross-account access.
- 650 [JumpCloud IdP](./650-identity-providers) \
  Manage JumpCloud integration.
- 700 [AWS SSO](./700-aws-sso) \
  Manage access via AWS SSO.
- 705 [IP Address Manager](./705-ipam) \
  Configure IPAM account with required permissions.
- 710 [Transit Gateway](./710-tgw) \
  Configure Organization-wide hub-and-spoke network.
- 720 [AWS VPN Clients](./720-client-vpn) \
  Configure VPN client access.

### CloudWatch Persistence

- 730 [CloudWatch to S3](./730-cloudwatch-to-S3) \
  Persist CloudWatch data to S3.

### Application Redirects

- 800 [Redirects](./800-redirects) \
  Create S3 buckets used for HTTP 3xx redirects, and DNS CNAME records used by
  CDK applications.
